Come, come, come, give him to me, come on
Hey, hey, hey, I'm you.
And so forth.
This gentleman
Have something to say
Why are you doing it?
Who the hell are you?
Xu Shuangyin, the founder of BGI Real Estate
Fenger Village is my development zone
I already fucking bought this land
It's just that you mountain cannon have nothing to do with Linyi live broadcast here.
So many people died, right?
Look at Lao Tzu's apology, you can't demolish it
Are you Boss Xue?
Depressed calf thing
See if I don't kill you, I'll wait
You old boy
I go up
Don't give me nonsense
If you talk nonsense, I will find you together.
I'm a mage invited by Boss Feng
I'm here to break the curse of Fengmen Village
You are a mage
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
He is the seventh uncle
Spell hook wall
I invited him here specifically
It was the broken shoe in Fengmen Village.
Snow boss
There were 108 left-behind elderly people living in Fengmen Village before
Now it is a deserted village without an owner
You also save the demolition and the decree is abolished
As long as you get rid of that evil sin
It's not necessarily a bad thing for you